[Music]
for clever riddles to tease your brain
oh like a brain teaser
I get it now are you someone who loves
to crack tricky riddles then it's your
lucky day in this video you'll find 4
puzzles that will help you amaze
everyone with the power of your logic
you'll have 15 seconds after each riddle
to figure out the answer if you need
more time just pause the video you'll
have all the time in the world are you
up to the challenge
then let's start number 1 the end of the
world that Wednesday life in the big
city was going on as usual people were
hurrying to work taxis were stuck in
traffic jams and kids were heading for
school without warning a powerful blast
of thunder shook the ground shocked
people saw a surge of water flowing from
the subway fire and earthquakes made
people seek shelter
the electricity suddenly went off
leaving nothing but panic and despair
[Music]
that's how the end of the world started
eric was terrified and trapped some
doors were locked and danger was lurking
behind others the young man had just one
minute to choose between four doors if
he picked the correct one he'd have a
chance to get inside a shelter and
survive but behind the first door was a
stone blockage that appeared after the
earthquake the second door hit a raging
fire behind the third door was electric
power saws and the fourth door was
holding back a flood which door did Eric
have to choose to stay alive do you like
disaster movies then you should know how
the main characters managed to survive
you have only 15 seconds to help Eric
have you figured out the solution door
number three is the right answer did you
remember that the electricity went off
in the first minutes of the emergency
this is why the electric saws wouldn't
harm Eric if he chose the third door he
would have every chance of surviving the
end of the world number two a murder on
a Friday evening mark the owner of a big
house and a successful business was
found dead on a rainy Friday evening the
police stated that it was a murder
despite being a rich and respectful man
mark wasn't friendly or polite he often
mistreated people so there were some who
might wish him dead
on that tragic Friday there were just
three people in the house a cook a
gardener and a butler it's no wonder
that they became the prime suspects when
the police were questioning these people
they heard the following stories at the
time when the businessman was killed the
cook was in the kitchen preparing Mark's
favorite pasta and salad the gardener
was outside watering the plants in the
huge gar
as for the butler he stated that he had
been setting the table for dinner
even though everyone inside the house
had solid alibis the police immediately
arrested the murderer who was it you
have 15 seconds to solve this mystery
and punish the criminal
if you were wondering why the gardener
had to water the plants on a rainy day
you were absolutely right that's because
he wasn't in the garden he was killing
his employer number three a killer Klown
mystery there was a clown who worked
only a few hours a day but a colleague
asked the clown to step in for him the
clown was helpful and friendly so he
agreed to help his colleague out this
turned out to be a bad decision because
the clown had to deal with fifty
shouting screaming energetic kids when
the clown returned home late at night he
had only enough strength to switch off
all the lights and fall into bed he
never woke up during the night and he
did not sleepwalk however when he woke
up he found out that he had killed 666
people he was terrified how did he kill
all those people
oh my these scary movies about clowns
don't lie but can you figure out how a
person can commit such a terrible crime
without waking up 15 seconds to reach
your conclusion
the explanation is that the clown lived
in a light house that's why he had just
a couple of hours a day to work as a
clown that night he was so exhausted
that he switched off all the lights in
the house
this caused the boats at sea to crash
which resulted in the deaths of 666
people number four a murder in a locked
room mr. Jones was found dead in his
room in a pool of blood however there
was no window in his room and the door
was locked from the inside the police
knew that Sherlock Holmes loved such
mysteries so they immediately called the
detective when he arrived he examined
the crime scene and questioned the for
people who had a key to the room Sophie
the maid said that she had come to wake
mr. Jones at 7:00 a.m. as usual when she
saw him dead she had started to scream
John the butler stated that when he
heard someone screams he had rushed
upstairs turned on the light and it seen
mr. Jones with a knife in the side of
his neck Hannah the governess explained
that she had hurried to the room along
with John when John turned on the light
the first thing she had noticed was that
the room was all bloody as for Jack the
cook he said that he had been preparing
breakfast at that time and hadn't seen
anything
Sherlock immediately understood who the
criminal was will 15-seconds be enough
for you to figure it out
[Music]
well the murderer is Sophie John and
Hannah stated that the room had been
dark which is why John had to switch on
the light Sophie already knew that he
was dead
which is why she did not need to turn
the light on how many riddles did you
managed to crack which one did you find
the hardest tell us in the comments
below and don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]